All right. So it's time to wrap up our course.
What I'd like to do is for you to use the skills you have acquired here,
especially with regarding to operating status and multi-party,
to think about the project,
which is a flight insurance project.
In that project, we will have a scenario where multiple airlines
will join the contract and provide insurance for passengers.
What we'd like to make sure is that
no airline can just arbitrarily join the pool of airlines,
what we want is existing airlines to be able to vote on which airlines can join.
The requirement in the project will be that at least 33 percent of
the existing airlines will vote in order to have any new airline join the contract.
So start thinking about multi-party consensus in that context.
A couple of things to challenge you,
could the multi-party consensus be implemented as a function modifier?
So that any function that required that consensus
would easily have that with one line of code being added to it.
Another thing to challenge you is,
would it be possible to have a multi-party consensus requirement,
such that it was time-based?
In other words, you could have an M of N but within a certain duration,
maybe in an hour,
a day, a week, etc.
where once the time has elapsed,
if a certain threshold of M had been achieved,
then the function would be executed.
So as you can see, multi-party,
M of N is not just a static concept.
There are many permutations of it.
Some involving time, some involving some other state,
some involving money, eith in a smart contract, etc.
So this is a particular feature or capability
that you will want in your tool belt for all future development.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6